Conclusion Section (#18)
greenelab/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript: content/06.conclusion_future_direction.md

## Conclusion and Future Direction

Filling out knowledge bases via manual curation can be an arduous and erroneous task [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btm229].
As the rate of publications increases manual curation becomes an infeasible approach.
Data programming, a paradigm that uses label functions a means to speed up the annotation process, can be used as a solution for this problem.
A problem with this paradigm is creating a useful label function takes significant amount of time.
We tested the feasibility of reusing label functions as a way to speed up the process of creating label functions.
Based on our findings, we conclude that label functions can be reused across edge types.
Adding more relavant label functions can increase overall performance.
The discriminative model, under this paradigm, has a tendency to overfit to predictions of the generative model.

> We recommend implementing regularization techniques such as drop out and weight decay to combat this issue.

Reviewer: New paragraph after this line

Lastly, this work lays the foundation for creating a robust multi-relationship extractor (aka multitask learning [@doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0200699]).

> Through this system we can quickly scale Hetionet and provide researchers with quick access to new findings and publications.

Reviewer: Would be good to briefly touch on why this would be a huge advance. This could also go in intro, but would be a strong ending, so up to here. Here are my notes on the benefits of constructing hetnets using NLP / text mining:

- Common framework for all edge types
- Continuous quality scores for each edge
- Can release openly: free of upstream licensing restrictions
- Can run periodically to ingest new knowledge, automatically
- Provenanced edges: users can go from edges to papers/sentences supporting the assertion

## Conclusion and Future Direction

Filling out knowledge bases via manual curation can be an arduous and erroneous task [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btm229].
As the rate of publications increases manual curation becomes an infeasible approach.
Data programming, a paradigm that uses label functions a means to speed up the annotation process, can be used as a solution for this problem.
A problem with this paradigm is creating a useful label function takes significant amount of time.
We tested the feasibility of reusing label functions as a way to speed up the process of creating label functions.
Based on our findings, we conclude that label functions can be reused across edge types.
Adding more relavant label functions can increase overall performance.
The discriminative model, under this paradigm, has a tendency to overfit to predictions of the generative model.
We recommend implementing regularization techniques such as drop out and weight decay to combat this issue.

> This work sets up the foundation for creating a common framework that uses text to create edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work sets up the foundation for creating a common framework that mines text to create edges.
```

> Within this framework we can continuously ingest new knowledge as novel findings are published and provide confidence scores for each edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within this framework we would continuously ingest new knowledge as novel findings are published, while providing a single confidence scores for an edge by consolidating sentence scores.
```

> Furthermore, we can release our findings apart from journal licensing restrictions and allow users to transition from edges to relevant sentences and publications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike existing hetnets like Hetionet where text-derived edges generally cannot be exactly attributed to excerpts from literature [@doi:10.7554/eLife.26726; @doi:10.15363/thinklab.d67], our approach would annotate each edge with its source sentences.
In addition, edges generated with this approach would be unencumbered from upstream licensing or copyright restrictions, enabling openly licensed hetnets at a scale not previously possible [@doi:10.15363/thinklab.d107; @doi:10.1038/536016a; @doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0213090].
```

> Conclusively, we plan to use this framework to create a robust multi-edge extractor via multitask learning [@doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0200699].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordingly, we plan to use this framework to create a robust multi-edge extractor via multitask learning  [@doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0200699] to construct continuously updating literature-derived hetnets.
```

"Conclusively" doesn't mean what I think you think it means
